c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\bin\Debug\Test2Sharp.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\bin\Debug\Test2Sharp.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\bin\Debug\Test2Sharp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Test2Sharp.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Test2Sharp.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\1player.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\1player.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Settings.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\2players.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\2players.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\1player.xaml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\Settings.xaml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Test2Sharp\Test2Sharp\obj\Debug\2players.xaml
